Enable AssistantSkill to work with dotnet-isolated (#35)
Azure/azure-functions-openai-extension: samples/assistant/README.md

> You can define a skill by creating a function that uses the `AssistantSkillTrigger` binding. The following C# in-proc example shows a skill that adds a todo item to a database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a skill by creating a function that uses the `AssistantSkillTrigger` binding. The following C# (out-of-process) example shows a skill that adds a todo item to a database:
```

The sample is available in the following language stacks:

> * [C# on the out-of-process worker](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/dotnet-isolated-process-guide?tabs=windows)

Reviewer: The purpose of this link was to navigate the user directly to the sample. Were you intentionally changing it to point to the .NET Isolated guide or should we instead just update the link to point to the new sample location?

```suggestion
* [C# on the out-of-process worker](csharp-ooproc)
```

Author: ohhh I see.  I was confused what that was supposed to point to, so I had it point to the .NET isolated guide. I'll update this to point to the sample.

Please refer to the [root README](../../README.md#requirements) for common prerequisites that apply to all samples.

> 

Reviewer: I can't add a comment further down, but we need to make several other updates to this README. A few examples:
* Replace `csharp-inproc` with `csharp-ooproc` on line 60 and anywhere else it may appear.
* Remove all mention of the entity trigger (there are at least two mentions that need to be removed, lines 78 and 81)
* Update the JSON output from lines 150-203 (I think it's just some of the top level properties that we changed?)
* We should mention somewhere in here where we store the chat history and how this can be configured.

Author: Updated!

        {
          "role": "function",
          "content": "The function call succeeded. Let the user know that you completed the action.",

>           "name": "AddTodo"

Reviewer: Looks like we somehow lost the `name` property. It would be great if we could add this back since it's useful for auditing/debugging.

Author: Added back!
